Remove root module. (#73)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-iam: README.md

> ### Variables

Reviewer: I think we could probably drop these variables? Or possibly just focus on an explanation of `Additive and Authoritative Modes` (combine with the section below).

Author: agreed

}
```

### Additive and Authoritative Modes

The `mode` variable controls a submodule's behavior, by default it's set to "additive", possible options are:

  - additive: add members to role, old members are not deleted from this role.

>   - authoritative: set the role's members, other roles' members are not deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - authoritative: set the role's members (including removing any not listed), unlisted roles are not affected
```
